Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
It wasn't until I became thirty,
that I was able to honestly express my feelings.
Do you like me?
Your gaze right now... it confuses me.
Do you want to sleep with me?
What could have brought upon this change in me?
Lee Hye Rim ♫  When we grow farther apart  ♫
Lee Hye Rim ♫  When memories start disappearing  ♫
Lee Hye Rim
♫  When we forget them all  ♫
♫  There's nothing happening in the world ♫
♫  The hands of the clock move again  ♫
♫  Even those difficult memories  ♫
♫  Will fade  ♫
♫  Oh, the days that repeat  ♫
This feels nice.
♫  Close your broken heart ♫
♫  Even without trying, they will pass  ♫
Episode 5: When The Doors Open
Oh, come on.
-Aren't you tired?-Hm?
You were tossing and turning last night.
You noticed?
I guess you're the type who can't sleep if there's someone next to you.
Were you not able to sleep because of me?
Nope. It was because I was too excited.
Not everybody takes responsibility for romantic words. Indeed, you're different.
I see, this is how you're going to be.
I got it.
What about it?
"Your gaze right now... "
Don't say that!
"Do you want to..."
Don't! Don't! Don't!
-Don't say that.-But why?
Don't bring that up again! Stop, stop stop!
-Just drive!- "Do you want to..."
Don't bring that up ever again, okay? Just don't.
Boss Hong! Give me one refreshing ice Americano, please!
Yes, coming up!
Here's your refreshing Americano.
I've really been wanting to drink this.
What's with you?
Why are you in such a good mood? You are scaring me.
Hey, what's so scary about it?
You make a fuss even when your friend is in a good mood.
Is it possible that... the reason why I couldn't get hold of you for last few days is...
Do you want to sleep with me?
I finalized a movie contract.
"Psycho Bride" is now being adapted into a movie.
Congrats, Writer Seo!
-Then we can't just pass up this occasion. We should have a celebratory party. I'll call Lee Ran Ju.-Nice! Call her.
We are going to have some fun then?
I can't call her though.
-Why?-Lee Ran Ju isn't coming here anymore.
Hello Boss.
-Oh, you're here?-Yes.
Who's this?
The guy Lee Ran Ju met on that blind date.
And also, our new part-timer.
-He's twenty-four.-What?
I've heard about you from the boss.
You're Writer Seo, right?
Ah, yes.
I look forward to your support!
You see, I like Ran Ju a lot. Very, very much.
You saw that?
He says he likes her very, very much.
I see.
Do announcers not take care of themselves?
What is he saying?
Then how is it that you're always wearing the same shirt?
But I'm not. This is a different one.
What's this? Is he watching me from somewhere?
Cutie, beauty, pretty.
Oh my gosh.
So,
the combination of this cheese and sauce is a little,
just a little...actually it's so salty that I can't eat it.
So you're saying it's a lump of salt and so you can't eat it.
The combination really doesn't taste sweet and salty.
It really should have been sweet and salty.
This is just salty. It's too salty.
That's why I think it will go well with this beer.
Oh! This is the taste.
The salty taste of the thick cheese,
is neutralized by the bitter beer.
Is this the taste of appetizer that calls for beer, or beer that calls for an appetizer?
- This is amazing!  - Amazing.
That was the perfect sample.
-Did you say your name was Jun Yeong?-Yes.
Take good care of our Ran Ju. I think I can trust her with you.
What are you trusting him with?
Oh, you came.
Announcer Lee, after having said you weren't going to come again, what brings you here?
Should I leave?
Come on! I'm glad you came.
I missed you.
Don't!
It's not like that. Don't!
- Don't do what?!- What are you guys doing embarrassing me?
But I will leave you now.
Have a nice time with your friends.
I think my shift is done, can I leave now?
Of course! Goodbye.
Thursday , August 20
If you need a substitute driver,
Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong. Call Hyeong Jun Yeong.
Uh, I can't breathe.
- My heart aches! - What a treasure!
You, you, you sly one! What happened?!
How did you seduce someone so cute, young, kind, and diligent? Tell me!
And what about you?
What do you mean?
Are you dating, Seo Ji Won?
What? Seo Ji Won, you're dating?
She's definitely dating.
Wow. How did you know?
Hey! Who are you dating?
- Who are you dating?  - Wait, wait, that's why I came here.
Oppa!
I missed you.
You didn't miss me?
I have something to tell you.
Lee Ran Ju seriously
has to change her profession.
Seriously, may be you should become a shaman or something?
Why don't you stop glancing at your phone while talking?
You aren't someone who keeps checking their phone.
You must be waiting for a call because you are dating.
As expected, nothing can surpass it when you're dating.
What did I do?
So, who is it?
Who is it?
By any chance, is it your first love?
Looks like you're right.
Seriously, it is a waste that you are in the broadcasting station.
Didn't she say that dramas don't lie?
That is true.
Oh my god!
- Why?- What now?
You slept with him.
Wow, seriously awesome!
Teacher Lee Ran Ju, please let my new series become number one. Seriously, please!
- Please double my sales, please! - More, more, more.
- Please! - Please! - Sincerely.
- Would it work with this?! - Ah, please! - Okay.
You're awesome.
Your sixth sense really is amazing.
But didn't you say you were tired of guys?
Right.
Maybe I have gone crazy.
I am about to do it again.
Even if you wanted to, you can't control your feelings.
Even I find myself strange.
Why am I like this?
So,
is he handsome?
He is a bit good-looking.
You are admirable Seo Ji Won.
I thought you wouldn't love anyone anymore.
It isn't love yet.
We just... just slept together once.
W...wow!
Wow. You're thirty so you have one night stands now?
It's nice, I like it. More, more.
- Do it all. Good, good.- Teach her good stuff!
- You do it, too.- Yes, you should, too.
Nope. I reject. I'm fine.
I can't believe I am having a meal with people inexperienced in dating!
Hold on. Stop.
Lee Ran Ju, no way...
you slept with that cutie already?
No.
As expected, Lee Ran Ju.
- Awesome.  - Cheers, cheers, cheers!
Respect!
Oh, What is this? Wow I feel betrayed!
Betrayal!
Wait a minute, I'll be back soon.
- Why did she drink so much?- She's drunk.
Looks like it.
Ji Won,
you meeting someone and dating,
it's all nice.
But I'm worried.
I'm afraid that you will get hurt again.
Do I make you guys worry?
Are you asking because you don't know?
No. Now I won't do that.
He won't hurt you right?
- Did you forget?- What?
- We decided to become b*tches.- Ah!
And b*tches don't ever get hurt.
But Ji Won,
if a man makes a woman anxious
after they sleep together,
then he's not a good guy.
What are you doing?
If a man makes a woman anxious
after they sleep together,
then he's not a good guy.
[Why aren't you replying?][Where are you?]
Your call cannot be completed as dialed. After the beep, the call will be forwarded to the voice mail.
Lee Seung Yu didn't contact me even once after that day.
Washenjo Lounge
Why isn't he contacting me?
Did I make a mistake?
I'm sick and tired of these worthless feelings.
Then, the only thing I can do is...[Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu]
Yeah, Ji Won.
Hello? Ji Won!
Lee Seung Yu accepted my call.
Just like nothing ever happened.
You look pretty, today.
Today? Did you say 'today'?
Were you always so pretty, Seo Ji Won?
I should be angry that he just shows up without contacting me once.
Why am I smiling?
Seo Ji Won, you idiot.
♫  After I met you, my day is  ♫
♫  completely filled with you  ♫
♫  As if even fear is nothing at all  ♫
♫ You made it that way ♫
How To be Thirty
I think I like you.
Really? Really?
Thanks for coming.
I like you very much, Seo Ji Won.
It really is a fast transition.
I was trying to date someone after a long time, why is it so hard?
I feel like I got rejected.
That means that Announcer Lee would lose her only program.
How should I tell her?
Lee Seung Yu had this kind of taste?
♫  It's great the way it is  ♫